students today we are at an awesome
Museum these are artifacts from back
then and we are going to take a tour
follow me well you're already there but
just face that way oh why did I bring my
dumb little purse yeah okay well here's
an artifact
right here this is an artifact it's an
ancient puzzle piece block know if
anyone ever saw the person that solved
this was King Arthur in year 1760 well
that's what I've been told but I don't
know if it's true but it says that
whoever solves it is part of history now
this is the first shirt invented owed
something on it and it's the first
hanger for this is the first hey people
Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry and so
okay this is a chair that was invented
in 1820 this is the first chair they
have ever made but it's not really
sitting okay this one this is the first
piggy bank really nice blue and there's
no place to put the money you put it in
a place you don't want to know ooh so
gross ow now this is a peace sign
statute made of wax like the wax crayons
are used from and this statue was made
by Amelia Earhart you know the person
that wrote an airplane she made this and
this is oh I know what it is it's a
chair for moi to fit in ah there's even
a nice thing to put my person no sitting
on the artifacts you were that's because
I'm part of history dude I invented this
chair for sitting ow and relaxing and I
invented this
this thingamajigger that's called a
floaty duh well I'm starring this and
then a rocking horse was invented by
King Arthur also King Arthur the second
invented it then this is the first stove
only one pop go on it I ignored you who
invented it but it was eighteen sixty
okay now we are done would be tour